"--- Unread ---"
"query:Unread Articles:unread = \"yes\"" "~Unread Articles"

"--- Blogs ---"
https://snufk.in/blog/rss.xml "~My Own Blog" random
https://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/rss.xml Travel
http://goodmath.org/blog/?feed=rss2 "science maths engineering"
https://quandaryitem.tumblr.com/rss "~DJM Blog" friends
https://ivysly.com/blog/rss.xml friends
https://spiritcloth.typepad.com/spirit_cloth/rss.xml
https://clothwhispering.com/rss
https://medievalmeadandbeer.wordpress.com/feed.xml
https://mimikerin.blogspot.com/rss.xml
https://feeds2.feedburner.com/typepad/krisdedecker/lowtechmagazineenglish
https://beyondgreenspace.net/feed/

"--- Tech ---"
https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ tech

"--- Music ---"
https://thequietus.com/feed music
https://ionengine.substack.com/feed music
https://www.fondsound.com/feed music
https://www.martinradio.com/rss.xml music
https://okonkole-y-trompa.com/feed music

"--- Youtube ---"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_QIfHvN9auy2CoOdSfMWDw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu7_D0o48KbfhpEohoP7YSQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoydhtfFSk1fZXNRnkGnneQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1O0jDlG51N3jGf6_9t-9mw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHC4G4X-OR5WkY-IquRGa3Q youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCb7KNFvMuvQz9LPRK4xyzfA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2LVhJH_9cT2XKp0VAfsKOQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC26YLK0OEbLB3TCYxGh8xVQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWj_rUMGYCP0DjffybE2nbg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWxyn7o0CFJBzKjLbuGLMGg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4dxXZQq-ofAadUWbqhoceQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUW49KGPezggFi0PGyDvcvg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdTLhjAGVI_XDAuXrobtI6Q youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3azLjQuz9s5qk76KEXaTvA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCcHuNKYzVMc06FXqsBEAV3A youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCuuvwU8Fv1O2h3IqHtXtCRQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWyRlMktpKbfefqBQk8U6Nw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqqJQ_cXSat0KIAVfIfKkVA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHIxfgu7HE9_Tok9OGNrQ_g youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCx4MHIcTdwdcmJ5accSDlPA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFpy37oq9p1MOVuJbGIcs7Q youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsaGKqPZnGp_7N80hcHySGQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCojs8-4p_xAq5CJNloXBMkQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCg0m_Ah8P_MQbnn77-vYnYw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCW5OrUZ4SeUYkUg1XqcjFYA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGtGTAa-xarr2HrEKRgRUHQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCO6CqGDjDyzsPpDnoRU5pjg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChsbD6Clp-ZPqKwXJR3V7DQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjDQKxiTVpXutZc2Ra9wCAg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdX6lI1cnIaznkmokdxJQ2Q youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCn1bhOC69Z4TplynafVv7ng youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbbsW7_Esx8QZ8PgJ13pGxw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCf5POn4NNKIIGmXOu6qhbsQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrr7y8rEXb7_RiVniwvzk9w youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7-E5xhZBZdW-8d7V80mzfg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCABuXSbwijgq1_WepFRJNVA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCy0tKL1T7wFoYcxCe0xjN6Q youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9PIn6-XuRKZ5HmYeu46AIw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5I2hjZYiW9gZPVkvzM8_Cw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMb0O2CdPBNi-QqPk5T3gsQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6UvuxzKMyi_hQhmei67fyw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCDq5v10l4wkV5-ZBIJJFbzQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC0H4IGyB-bpKvralbeTFVwQ youtube food 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2I6Et1JkidnnbWgJFiMeHA youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC4xO15BR3bk0ZO5Jr-X7zeA youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC54SLBnD5k5U3Q6N__UjbAw youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6S5a3MQtr_PSWZxysXkOCg youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9_p50tH3WmMslWRWKnM7dQ youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPzFLpOblZEaIx2lpym1l1A youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQBG3PzyQKY8ieMG2gDAyOQ youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRIZtPl9nb9RiXc9btSTQNw youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSl5Uxu2LyaoAoMMGp6oTJA youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCX3g2Y_w3Fp4QA7VuTa0YUA youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaHBABJFMRAtnKhQp2Cu5BQ youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbpMy0Fg74eXXkvxJrtEn3w youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCedsqpl7jaIb8BiaUFuC9KQ youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsP7Bpw36J666Fct5M8u-ZA youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsU15yvILBmnHPeAf4SFVaQ youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRxAgfYexGLlu1WHGIMUDqw youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzH5n3Ih5kgQoiDAQt2FwLw youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJHA_jMfCvEnv-3kRjTCQXw youtube food
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC58IKuPHnZkdCZ6T5mSRGCg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCByBOwwOU5tKddYpsrHiUUw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEOXxzW2vU0P-0THehuIIeg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG1h-Wqjtwz7uUANw6gazRw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPdk3JuQGxOCMlZLLt4drhw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSkzHxIcfoEr69MWBdo0ppg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCT5jxI_OYY2r--TjAGXD03A youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCaN8DZdc8EHo5y1LsQWMiig youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChBD4NpITiW2CzIz5GwppDA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClt01z1wHHT7c5lKcU8pxRQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyNtlmLB73-7gtlBz00XOQQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSc16oMxxlcJSb9SXkjwMjA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtM5z2gkrGRuWd0JQMx76qA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw youtube "science maths engineering" 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2MJylovjrLtsGP0_4UrqrQ youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2uFFhnMKyF82UY2TbXRaNg youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3_AWXcf2K3l9ILVuQe-XwQ youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3_VCOJMaivgcGqPCTePLBA youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5NO8MgTQKHAWXp6z8Xl7yQ youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCEIwxahdLz7bap-VDs9h35A youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCFhXFikryT4aFcLkLw2LBLA youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIgKGGJkt1MrNmhq3vRibYA youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJ0-OtVpF0wOKEqT2Z1HEtA youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCJYJgj7rzsn0vdR7fkgjuIA youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMOqf8ab-42UUQIdVoKwjlQ youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMpizQXRt817D0qpBQZ2TlA youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCO8DQrSp5yEP937qNqTooOw youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR3CEAL-y3CoMf4oJOJgtEw youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSju5G2aFaWMqn-_0YBtq5A youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCU9SoQxJewrWb_3GxeteQPA youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCV5vCi3jPJdURZwAOO_FNfQ youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCY1kMZp36IQSyNx_9h4mpCg youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCY8gSLTqvs38bR9X061jFWw youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCckETVOT59aYw80B36aP9vw youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCfMJ2MchTSW2kWaT0kK94Yw youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCgvRHIimO6otkQ4Dcl_9YqQ youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCivA7_KLKWo43tFcCkFvydw youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoCEoPxruw9HW58O-l3ttDQ youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoxcjq-8xIDTYp3uz647V5A youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtESv1e7ntJaLJYKIO1FoYw youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtwKon9qMt5YLVgQt1tvJKg youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvBqzzvUBLCs8Y7Axb-jZew youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCu6mSoMNzHQiBIOCkHUa2Aw youtube "science maths engineering"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC715SCKfdFqUiuD234it8Eg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7UdKZ9ujF1sFlP93dfjMgA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCQtHNHYrqV68UWd9iMR6CiA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCR9Gcq0CMm6YgTzsDxAxjOQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCkop4F44-FV6N92-PNAYzxA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClOGLGPOqlAiLmOvXW5lKbw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtUbO6rBht0daVIOGML3c8w youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOvz3kkYZtCTeXKdiuMG8eg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5t8u4kpE0WvLxkPWIp8n-g youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCIyZiiHXIH7KkqfaDvBmG-Q youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsvn_Po0SmunchJYOWpOxMg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtYlDnzID89jqFh95hS7rbw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCyWDmyZRjrGHeKF-ofFsT5Q youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrTNhL_yO3tPTdQ5XgmmWjA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2AQkHXNVA-w9FA1m9VqO7A youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC18ju52OET36bdewLRHzPdQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCrnqBCaGjEdgrpIww6XHnBA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCtqxG9IrHFU_ID1khGvx9sA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCq6aw03lNILzV96UvEAASfQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmEJe33zRVKIgcycKeBmzJA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeovElJP0n0i8ADaPsRSd8g youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCafxR2HWJRmMfSdyZXvZMTw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOojfmX4Wq3Ww-XP_IkvviQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCGsTFMXm0NyA_V8_Q1kRhbQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC98dbK3WqEkgiFj91WAwYJQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC84u8v2FyqmXjSxYh1d7PRQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3eH8nDVm6E_w_7Ew6ti8ww youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClykrxsUcLVY428ONkAUbJg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9pgQfOXRsp4UKrI8q0zjXQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAL3JXZSzSm8AlZyD3nQdBA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCMjlDOf0UO9wSijFqPE9wBw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWnlQMQ-ACfhpD68yWRsnJw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCzV9N7eGedBchEQjQhPapyQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCb4pvsyqNrmBIGJFQxEukUA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCCtq5FqF_sklPX3MosHx6yA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2TXg45Dbt2de8auakllW8g youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3Kk8tvhHkWMMfKBb0q0X9g youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5Lz88Rt3GT75YT2ORAmaMQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC9-y-6csu5WGm29I7JiwpnA youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCC7WFw42VnywQRvewSq29eg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCNtDla-bowHdsXqGn6llR_Q youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC_-S-4Paa9ve6U8-L3xaTwg youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCbbQalJ4OaC0oQ0AqRaOJ9g youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCd18OhMfRmjMjzSHP7Zrzmw youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCdr6rJVSSx54ByuY5U2ohTQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeR0n8d3ShTn_yrMhpwyE1Q youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCjU-Cwjfqbo2hMRItlXwnnQ youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UClcE-kVhqyiHCcjYwcpfj9w youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCnmgSO_4g6QcRzy0yFeglyA youtube

"--- Music Uploads ---"
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC1ZMRVjcjeX_qx4SiWgvs7g youtube music 
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC35QYGkdPR5wN3OkIJISLTQ youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3N5FSflR4maP3veQ3mZe4A youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCESRiVD3TgmIeH-EVQSul2w youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCG9inuDQ1ROLufVWNmItj_g youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPaO3t4D4VtJbmVMeZoghQw youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPzMWeyZtWCVU5pzh9JdNhg youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSH89C7L6tpyegY1E45iVIA youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSN1cdl7ZXniDwx_61p22BA youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSzlOYn5Ae0KO94AWy7XeVw youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCTqufxogv02DSaP-Kreheug youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCW9SSibYarMax5wpDTFgOjw youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeaMh8LYl927f5gfYF2mctQ youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UChCKsM86dnJhm0kEdJarEgQ youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCmFh2l5P3ah_3gvWjkiD77w youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp-XZs1z6ZDm8hOa9i1fJvg youtube music
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCpUaVaLffIuWGnxvDpapbrQ youtube music
